I think it's really good
Ah
So Ikoso
The
Puri
Right
Hmm
Large Do you wonder the story of the real
Will it cure my sister's disease if it is true ?
Also it was killed the parents in front of it is the heart of the disease eyes and disease anymore To loss
What does that really mean for you?
It is also possible to revive your parents
It is somewhat good likely
I 50 million I say if much pay
Or so
I have to ask for an orderly payment
So why not cure my sister's illness first
It's a weapon dog and I don't trust you yet
To put it even possible but have to flee to the other side of the world as soon as wish come true
Even if you say 50 million
It's this currency, how are you going to pay the money
After cure sister's illness somehow to it and So What Toka to his power to somehow
It's fine, is not it
What can not be whether the color not you're here now
But now I'm suffering from Morizawa at this moment I'm wandering through a world without anything
The bran sure it Gurudo to pay absolutely money
I won't give up until I can get it
Too bad but impossible
Hmm
me
Bach
It is from such a thing when compared with the number nine Risa's hotness
Let's go fishing and have a total of 10 shivering with such a cold
Well whether it is good to enter the city
Those who went before the gas is changed is five cun
Oh
I 'm Lisa, who lets me say it again
Please fix my sister's illness
I 'm asking for something good I will never give up until this is forgiven
Huh
Instead there is one condition
I will work as a police officer in this city from today
So a
That's right
Equivalent
Finally I woke up or did I go to bed
Oh soundly I
That's right now how much money you have accumulated
What does money mean? Hero's sister
Or rather heard it from whom say that I've heard good Yoa heard because Do not's that old man
That damn thing
I will remember that doctor
It 's about 4 years ago
It means'll of Buddhas Well in what 爽太the Canaan that was reported in'm know
I'll forgive you if it's such a thing Still the cost is understandable
Eat your teeth
Wow
Hmm
Four
Oh
Hmm
Whether that Kusojijii not fit even throat anger
I so wish because not absolutely allowed
It was a wish that I came to this world
Ah but the wish to be fulfill on their own
Well I wonder if it 's better to return to the other world soon I can stay here
What
To feel that can not be fulfilled only my wish here also so?'M not
It was also got permission to that old man I'm only in this world for a little while
Nobody 'people troubled or without the I in to me prepared to room let alone and across the world
Shina
I was worried about much's right, but I'm a do What is the name of that old man
I have been in this world for about 10 years, but I still do not know
Tell me that my name is so yes
Okay, I have a little extra work later
Big
It has also been cultivated in job hunting to look at the way work
Taking advantage of this story
I wonder if it will be in the shop of Yosshi char
That your water Mazoi came to just the right bottom of the brother machine
I'm not enough now I will not work here
eh
Yes thank you Regards
Then let's open the water for 3km ahead open yourself
I'm going does not have anything said or said suddenly hard labor something
Why am I coming to this world for such a job and everything is too sudden
With this condition it's okay if a girl falls over the roadside
Well why not
Well then
re that
Yeah yeah yeah
me
tee
n box
me
Yeah yeah yeah
t hooting
car bomb a head
It is artificial respiration after all this kind of time
It must be true I think so too I'm talking with everyone I'm